Add a brief note about Group Blocking in Dex ext (#824)
tachiyomiorg/website: src/help/faq/README.md

##### Why can I not restore from a JSON backup?
JSON backups are now unusable due to the ID change. You will have to manually re-add your manga.

#### How can I block particular Scanlator Groups?

> Mangadex extensions now allows you to block Scanlator Groups. Chapters uploaded by a Blocked Scanlator Group will not show up in Latest or in Manga chapters list. For now, you can only block Groups by entering their UUIDs manually. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **MangaDex** extension now allows you to block **Scanlator Groups**. Chapters uploaded by a **Blocked** Scanlator Group will not show up in Latest or in Manga chapters list. For now, you can only block Groups by entering their UUIDs manually. 
```
Maybe something like this? Not sure but at least capitalize MangaDex

Author: Makes sense. Done

Follow the following steps to easily block a group from the Tachiyomi Mangadex extension:

A. Finding the UUIDs:
   - Go to [https://mangadex.org](https://mangadex.org) and <NavigationText item="search"/> for the Scanlation Group that you wish to block and view their Group Details
   - Using the URL of this page, get the 16-digit alphanumeric string which will be the UUID for that scanlation group
   - For Example: 
       * The Group *Tristan's test scans* has the URL 
	       - [https://mangadex.org/group/6410209a-0f39-4f51-a139-bc559ad61a4f/tristan-s-test-scans](https://mangadex.org/group/6410209a-0f39-4f51-a139-bc559ad61a4f/tristan-s-test-scans)
           - Therefore, their UUID will be `6410209a-0f39-4f51-a139-bc559ad61a4f`
       * Other Examples include:
	       + Azuki Manga     | `5fed0576-8b94-4f9a-b6a7-08eecd69800d`
           + Bilibili Comics | `06a9fecb-b608-4f19-b93c-7caab06b7f44`
           + Comikey         | `8d8ecf83-8d42-4f8c-add8-60963f9f28d9`
           + MangaPlus       | `4f1de6a2-f0c5-4ac5-bce5-02c7dbb67deb`

> B. Enter the Details to the Tachiyomi Mangadex extension `v1.2.150+`:

Reviewer: Capitalize the name, also, maybe change to something like "Blocking a group using their UUID ..."
